Feedback
"Your Peanut butter brownies are excellent. I really love the quality! However, delivery to my location in Los Angeles was a bit slow."
"Your Double fudge was out of this world! Cannot wait to eat there again!"
"abbey@email.com The customer service team in New York was helpful in resolving my issue. I appreciate the assistance."
"brian@email.com The new White chocolate raspberry pie in the latest release are fantastic! They have greatly improved the user experience in San Francisco."
"The Holiday assortment and brownies didn't meet my expectations, and I'm disappointed. I hope you can address the issues in Chicago."
"My email address is emailme@email.com Your Gluten-free brownies are not good. I really don't like the quality!"
"However, delivery to my location in Los Angeles was a bit slow."
"abbey@email.com The customer service team in San Francisco was not helpful in resolving my issue. But, I appreciate the assistance."
"brian@email.com The new Peanut butter brownies are not fantastic! Too sweet for my taste!"
"They have not greatly improved the user experience in San Francisco. The peanut butter brownie didn't meet my expectations, and I'm disappointed."
"I hope you can address the issues in London. My email address is emailme@email.com The ingredients are excellent, but the customer service could be improved."
"I am very satisfied with the freshness of the produce. It's reliable and delicious."
"The billing process is confusing and I often get overcharged."
"The Vegan cookies are too expensive compared to other providers. Customer support is very responsive and helpful. Great service!"
"I frequently experience crushed packaging and poor product presentation."
"I had issues with my online order, but it was resolved quickly."
"The promotional offers are great, but the regular prices are high."
"I'm happy with the overall service, but the installation process took too long."
"There are hidden charges in my bill that I wasn't informed about."
"The quality of the ingredients is clear and I rarely face any issues. The customer service representatives are knowledgeable and courteous."
"I wish there were more flexible subscription options to choose from. The delivery time is inconsistent during peak hours."
"I had to call multiple times to get a resolution to my issue. The international shipping rates are very high."
"I'm satisfied with the service, but there's room for improvement. The service is okay, neither great nor terrible."